---
title: 10-11-16
layout: post
author: jeremiah.puren
permalink: /10-11-16/
source-id: 1WdhwQc-CqNuXzW5kr42t-jXUi7Xh5-DOwjAcxPc-W5E
published: true
---
10-11-16

Target for the lesson:

To look and think about our blogs.

Overview:

This lesson we all looked at some blogs and self graded our own. The teacher explained what kind of work would get the different marks and how to improve our blogs. I realised that the standard of some of my previous blogs was not up to scratch. I also realised I should spend a bit more time on making my blog look nicer since my blog, compared to others, looks terrible. 

This lesson I learned about the different ways that I could improve my blog, which I list in 'points for improvement' , and what was expected for the end of the year. I learned by listening and focusing since I wasn’t distracted by anyone or anything. It was interesting to listen to how the teachers reacted to different blogs and graded them whilst also giving us all points that we could improve on.

 Nothing really went wrong this lesson since we were listening to the teachers talking about improving our work. 

Points for improvement:

 In future I shall make my blog posts a lot longer and more detailed since in the past I have just done a single paragraph whereas others have done whole A4 pages worth of writing. I will also need to make my blog better coding wise, such as adding a picture background, adding a frame to the blog posts and adding shadows to different sections. This will all make it look nicer and more professional. In the future I will do blogs with different sections like I have done for this blog.

In future I will spend much more time working on my blog since before I treated it as more of a side project than something we were getting graded on however that is not the case as it contributes to our grades at the end of the year. The blogs show the teachers whether we can learn by ourselves and persevere to improve our blogs since we have not really directly been taught most of the ways to do certain things to our blogs; this is good since it makes us independent and able to learn by ourselves rather than just reading it all from a book which would a) Be boring and b) Not help us as much as home learning. 

