---
title: Games!
layout: post
author: jeremiah.puren
permalink: /games!/
source-id: 1zVJP_DsVJfYpXfR7X6FkMKJrKYH8JmQAq6VeBfejrFA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Games!</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Our teacher told us a website to check out and play. It was a game to help us with our coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Compete as much of the two games as possible.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I managed to finish the first game.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I just played through the game and read what the tutorials said. It took some thought but as long as I had understood what the tutorials were saying I could manage,just about, to complete the challenge. Some challenges took a lot more thought and time than others however.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Nothing really limited my learning here. I managed to work through all of the first set of problems without any hiccups apart from some of the tasks being hard.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, if we ever play these games again, I will try and come up with more efficient solutions to the problems and cut out some of the guesswork however I don't think we will be playing these games again as we will have other things to do next term. Cutting out the guesswork will mean I will actually have to think my way through the questions more which will improve my knowledge of coding.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


