---
title: 12-01-2017
layout: post
author: jeremiah.puren
permalink: /12-01-2017/
source-id: 1E5MXjNIDTFGYSiD4C7sKpS_TjOhoGf9wUvMSku_nJgE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>A little talk.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/01/2017</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We walked in and Mr Keen wanted to talk to us about failure. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To listen to and learn from Mr Keen.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We were all gathered around the front whilst Mr Keen was showing us various videos and talking to us about various things, but the overall point seemed to be that he wanted to talk to us about failure. He told us that failure is alright as long as you learn from them, but you can't just use that as an excuse. If you say, 'oh, I made a mistake, I will learn for next time’ and then make the same mistakes over and over, you aren’t really improving at all. If you make a mistake you have to put work in to make sure you never make that mistake again. He also told us a bit about Hexadecimal. It was a bit of a mish mash lesson to be honest… We all learned by listening to Mr Keen and asking questions, I certainly managed to get what he was saying, or most of it at least.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to listen more, however I did not think I did badly this lesson. I managed to get pretty much all of what he was saying.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next lesson I will hopefully have a better looking blog since I am making some changes to it as I write this, I will improve my learning by listening to whoever is talking and I will try and follow everything that is said. This blog post is a bit weird since I learned a lot, but I do not think I need to improve on much. The ‘How did I learn’ box is really full and the others aren’t...</td>
  </tr>
</table>


