---
title: 16/03/17
layout: post
author: jeremiah.puren
permalink: /16/03/17/
source-id: 1SyOV9iXFvkrWMl3_IYKHNQN-g-GaSFXo8x5Rqm_dv5s
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Off topic.</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>5 percent.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get 5 percent further through the Python codecademy course.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, I will explain later.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I started off fine, but then Mr Keen called us all to the front and talked to us for half of the lesson, so I could not reach my five percent goal. He did talk to us about interesting things including feminism and racial stereotyping. Before he talked to us, when I was doing codecademy, I managed to complete one challenge. The thing was, there seemed to be a bug that Mr Keen could not sort out on that question for me, as it looked fine but was saying that it was wrong. He told me to skip it, however I went into the next question and copy and pasted the work there into mine( they were both exactly the same) and it worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I actually listened very well and managed to persevere through a problem at the beginning so if I continue like this I will succeed. Overall I think I did well and nothing really limited my learning in this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As I said before, I think I did ry well this lesson. If I carry on like this I will be doing very well.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


